
PLEASE READ BEFORE PROCEEDING

1) Click on 'Load directory'. 
  Go to a directory and click on either a video or an image.
  Videos and images must be in their own folder.
  
2) If you are selecting images, please skip this step.
  After selecting a video, a pop-up will come up.
  Enter the frames per second, and the beginning and ending time frame that you would like. 
  A faster frame rate and a longer time will result in a longer time to load. The load may take a few minutes.

3) Enter your labels.
  Keep in mind that this action CANNOT be repeated and you will be unable to add additional labels,
  so make sure that you enter all object names from the beginning. When you are done, click 'Save Labels'.

4) Draw bounding boxes around your object.
  Each label has a corresponding color.
  To switch between labels either click on the label itself or select the corresponding number on your keyboard.
  Go back and forth between frames by clicking the arrow keys on your keypad, or 'a', 'd'.
  Make sure to not draw bounding boxes around something that would be very difficult for you to recognize. 
  Keep in mind that the software will be no smarter than you. If you cannot recognize it, neither can the software.

5) Exit TagMe when done.
  Saving is done automatically when you move to a new frame, so when you are done, 
  simply click 'next' to ensure there are no more images, then exit TagMe. 
  Make sure to double check your work. If you accidentally click out, it is no problem. 
  Your progress will be saved and you can pick up where you left off.

6) Upload Data. 
  When you are completely finished labeling your images, zip your folder that contains your images 
  and a newly created 'labels' folder within. 
  This zipped file can then be uploaded to our server to be trained on your custom brain.
  Once training is complete, it will be sent back to you.

Useful hotkeys:
  Scroll wheel to zoom in and out 
  'd' or right arrow = next frame
  'z' = undo
  'c' = clear
  1-0 = switch labels
  's' = manual save